Hi everyone! For our project, Jenny, JC, Varun,
and I focused on Amazon deforestation.
So, as you see here, uh, this is our webpage,
and it's split into three tabs, the first of which
represents the motivation and background
for our project.
So, you see we have information about the
domain, uh, tasks, the use case, the data that
we sought after, as well as the biases and
ethics revolved around the data.
Uh, the second tab has our two visual
encodings, the first of which, uh, represents a
histogram overlaid by a line plot
representing, on the x-axis, the 21 years
involved in our data, so 2000 thr- through
2021.
And then on the y-axis is the proportion of
area deforested.
And so, with this plot, the user can hover over
any of the bars, as well as any of the points.
And so if I select the first bar, for example, a
tooltip will show up on the left side that
shows the year range representative of that
bar,
as well as the average proportion of areas
deforested over that three-year range.
And then, if I click on, say, this point right
here, a tooltip will show up on the right that
represents, or that shows, that year of the
point selected and then the proportion of
area deforested for that year.
And then, whatever point the user selects is
how the three visualizations are linked.
And so, if we scroll down on this page, on the
left side is the first plot of Visual Encoding 2,
which is a scatterplot with 200 points
representative of the percentage of the
Amazon Rainforest remaining in a certain
year.
And so, in this case with 2001, uh, all the
green points represent the proportion of the
forest that's left, so, in this case, 91.5%.
And the brown dots represent the proportion
of the forest that's been deforested, so, uh,
8.5%.
And this same data is portrayed in the pie
chart to the right, which shows the percent
deforested in this yellow slice, so in this case,
8.3%.
And then, the green slice is about 91.8%.
And then, at the top, is the third tab, is just
our resources. Thank you.